# Identifying Entities in Healthcare Data Assignment 

1. Data Preprocessing

the sentences has been formed correctly and printed the 5 sentences that have been formed

1.2 Count the number of sentences and label lines in train and test dataset

You have counted the number of sentences in train and test data
the number of sentences in train/test dataset is equal to the number of lines of labels in train/test dataset


2. Concept Identification


2.1 Extract the tokens and their frequency which have NOUN or PROPN PoS tag

You have extracted all the tokens with NOUN and PROPN as their PoS tags with their frequency.
You have printed the top 25 most common tokens with NOUN and PROPN as their PoS tags.


3. Defining features for CRF


3.1 Define atleast 8 features


You have defined features with PoS tag as one of the features
You have used the previous word to define the features


3.2 Mark the begining and end word as a feature


You have correctly marked the beginning and the end words in a sentence


4. Getting the features and the labels of sentences.


4.1 Get the features' value of sentence and get the labels of the sentence


You have correctly defined the function/steps to get the features' value of each token in a sentence
You have correctly defined the function/steps to get the list of a given preprocessed label line that learner has created earlier


5. Define input and target variables

5.1 Define the input and the target variables for CRF model building


You have defined the features' values for each sentences as input variable for CRF model in test & train dataset.
You have defined the labels as the target variable for test & train dataset.


6. Build the model

6.1 Build the CRF model

You have built the CRF model . . . . . . . . . . . . ..  


7. Evaluation

7.1 Predict the labels for the test dataset using the pre built CRF model

You have predicted the labels of each sentences in test dataset


7.2 Evaluate the predictions using f1 score.


You have f1 score >85% . . . . . . . . . . . . . .


8. Identify the Diseases and Treatment using Custom NER


8.1 Create the logic to get all the predicted treatments (T) labels corresponding to each disease (D) label in the test dataset and predict the treatment for a disease.


You have build the code or logic to get all the predicted treatment (T) labels corresponding to each disease (D) label in the test dataset

You have predicted the treatment for the disease name 'hereditary retinoblastoma' as 'radiotherapy'.




